Ice Show Feet Christmas
Mao Asada, who is on vacation, has returned to pink for the first time in about 5 months
Act No.
Curry ga w Axel
I told you that I was tired to slip in front of the customer after a long time
Follow
Mao smile was also shown at the end
Furthermore, rich and even representations were and Daisuke Takahashi to retire this year
Curry put on a Christmas song was unveiled acting
I think it will be time to make a decision
Well it
I am thinking that I want to leave it to the flow of that time
Mao Asada , a resting figure skater , shows off a link performance for the first time in five months
The
Luxurious member and enteritis to ice show Christmas on ice held in Yokohama
Asada attracts fans with the gospel standard song I made in summer
First of all whether you enjoy skating with Mao Smile Full Opening
Furthermore , at the end of the show
Collaboration of dream with Daisuke Takahashi who retired is realized
Asada danced brilliantly to the Christmas song
Turn this year also tension was nervous just before the seminar Car Championship if always
I am enjoying Christmas
Public along with the skating hidden in the fact that the long path the game is every year
It is that it is very glad I spend Christmas
Active duty continue Car
It and 4 a
Because 2015 is for me
I think it will be time to make a decision
Well it
I am thinking that I want to leave it to the flow of that time